your skin is the last frontier of health
in my opinion it's one of the largest
organs in the body and it's certainly
the largest as far as being one of the
organs for the excretion of waste along
with the kidneys lungs and colon so that
means that your skin is going to reflect
what you're eating and what you're not
eating it's also reflecting the amount
of waste you're retaining in your body
because the skin exfoliates every month
you have a chance to invest today in
what your skin will look like a month
from now what comes to the surface is
nutrient-rich cells or waste Laden cells
depending on your lifestyle choices now
as you begin to invest in what your skin
will look like a month from now you will
notice changes very quickly because the
skin will exfoliate revealing a more
beautiful you based on the choices you
make today you can look like a
completely different person
wrinkles aren't as permanent as you
think age spots are not as permanent as
you think all of these parameters can be
improved I've always noticed that when I
increase my intake of fruits and
vegetables it shows up in my skin taking
Juice Plus gives me similar results
now that is validated by science Juice
Plus does increase hydration to the skin
it helps the skin to retain the water
better and it improves the circulation
to the skin so your skin glows more it
also increases the density of the skin
that means your pore sizes look much
smaller to the outside world all of this
means more beautiful glowing skin all of
this makes us look younger and who
doesn't want that I look younger I feel
younger and I feel better
now what's so great is that all of these
results are now backed up by credible
science done at universities all around
the world improvement in circulation
improvement in reducing inflammation
better skin you name it Juice Plus
effects every cell in the body and you
feel that
you